 2021-2025 Worcester court troubles: audio list and videos about thoughts


🧾 Summary: Worcester Court Troubles and Reflections (2021–2025)

This entry in the Memory Ark captures the critical legal events, personal reflections, and systemic failures Ricky experienced between 2021 and 2025. It includes:

    Details about multiple attorneys (Banks, O'Doherty, Bergo, Grady) who mishandled or delayed Ricky's legal defense.

    An account of how the body cam footage was knowingly withheld or misrepresented in court by both Warren Police and Assistant DAs like Lindsay White.

    Emotional fallout from repeated legal obstruction, and the breakdown of trust with family and legal representatives.

    Ricky's real-time reactions, voice notes, and audio logs exploring everything from suicidal thoughts to systemic corruption.

    Commentary on media manipulation, insurance denial, and abuse of disabled individuals—especially involving group homes and adult care oversight.

    Links and notes from earlier and later parts of the Memory Ark to help trace how these events connect to broader patterns of misconduct in Massachusetts courts.

These raw, unfiltered entries are part of a living archive meant to bring light to the hidden mechanisms of judicial abuse, neglect, and mental health abandonment. Readers are encouraged to explore related years and legal posts via the sidebar to understand the full scope.


2021

October 4, 2021- Beth 911 audio

Date: October 4, 2021

Event: Beth’s 911 Call (Angry and Dispatch Audio)

Link: https://youtu.be/nn2X-KhZBdY?si=WnGeyBe3-UMmReUz

Notes: This is the day Beth called police 


Date: October 4, 2021

Event: Beth getting restraining order.

Link: https://youtu.be/Msg5z8CFuD8?si=_3N2lyGfcXGLf6zI

Notes: this is audio from one Beth went to get the restraining order after calling police and lying about my elbowing her in the face.


MY STATEMENT TO WARREN POLICE
10-4-2021

Warren Police Statement 
Page 1 of 5
After leaving my apartment on October 4, 2021 I was approached by two Warren police
officers, I had been walking South on route 67 for almost 2 hours with my dog. Both officers
told me they were wearing body cameras and I was being recorded, they asked if I was
Richard Stebbins, I said yes, they asked where I was going. I told them to my mothers, my
sisters almost here. They informed me they received a phone call saying I was fighting with my
girlfriend and they asked me if I mind telling them what was going on. I told them that my
girlfriend Beth was very upset and she was arguing with herself and begging me to stay. Beth’s
autistic son was being abused and neglected in a local group home, we had been filing reports
about it, trying to protect him, yet nothing was being done and a new manager that was just
assigned to his house, who was also going to help us expose this abuse and neglect, had just
been fired that morning.
I told officers Beth was also upset about some things my family members had said, my father
told me he didn’t want me getting another car, he didn’t want the driveway looking like a
parking lot, so Beth said she was going to speak with him and stated that she was going to
buy me a car, even though we are having issues with how to access her money at the moment,
so I didn’t know what she was thinking, she just seemed angry.
I told the officers that Beth was very adamant that I get my court paperwork in order to get my
record expunged because she wanted me to become co-guardian of her son Stephen, so I
could deal with all the abuse her son was enduring, since she was totally overwhelmed by it.
I told officers I asked Beth to give me some time, since she knows I am physically disabled,
she knows I have a genetic skeletal muscle disorder and I told her my neck was hurting and I
have a migraine, I tried to get away from Beth, but she kept following me around the house and
insisting that I do what she wanted right then and there, she wanted me listen to what she had
to say, then she followed me upstairs
I told officers that Beth followed me in our middle bedroom, closed the door and held me
against my will for a half hour, preventing me from leaving, threatening to call the police if I
moved her out of the way or if tried to get by her. She kept threatening me, saying she’ll tell
police that I hit her. I told officers, that’s when I told Beth I hadn’t heard any of the other things
she said, I told her I stopped listening when she threatened to call the cops on me, that’s when
she got this crazed look in her eyes and said if I do leave, she’ll never stop and she said she
hopes I do kill myself this time. I told the police that’s when I picked my dog up and used her
as a shield so that Beth would allow me to leave the room, I told Beth to get the fuck out of my
way and that’s when finally Beth left the room and allowed me to exit.
Then I went downstairs, as I was putting my dogs harness on, Beth took that opportunity to
snatch my backpack which had my medication, my dogs medication and other personal
items, Beth was still trying to prevent me from leaving so I left without my backpack. I told
officers that Beth was hoping that these threats of a police officer hurting me and the courts
ruining my life, would force me to stay, but I told her I didn’t care, I told her I just wanted to
leave. I wanted nothing to do with her or her childish behavior, she was just acting selfish. Beth
followed behind me when I left, she really didn’t want me leaving. But I don’t think she was
prepared for the weather to be rainy, she wasn’t there when I looked back.
That’s when officers informed me that Beth claimed I accidentally elbow her in the jaw and they
were going to have to place me under arrest. I repeated to officers that I’m disabled and that
Beth said she was hoping you guys would hurt me, I told officers again that my sister was
already on her way to get us and would be here very soon. I asked officers to be gentle with
Harley, one officer said he’s a K-9 officer. I told officers I had a knife on me. I also told them I
had over a dozen joint surgeries. Officers read me my rights

Warren Police Statement 
Page 2 of 5
and asked if I wanted to keep talking. I said yes and I told officers I didn’t touch Beth and she
didn’t touch me.
I asked about filing charges against Beth for holding me against my will and stealing my
backpack and officers said I’d have to take it up with a lawyer. I tried pleading and mentioned
the fact that I didn’t snatch my backpack away from her, because I know she also has physical
issues, she’s always complaining about her joints and I know she would’ve been injured if I
yanked it away, officers said there’s nothing they could do about it, since she claimed I
accidentally elbowed her, they said they had to arrest me and neither officer seemed all that
interested. I asked officers multiple times how she’s allowed to get away with this behavior and
they just shrugged. Since officers said they were wearing body cameras, I felt it was important
to keep talking because of their dismissive attitudes and what happened to me in Hampden
county court.
Officers were gentle with me and my dog, while placing me in cuffs and then in the back of a
cruiser, they placed my dog on my lap until my sister arrived. They asked for my license and
asked my contact info. One officer typed things in the computer while the other stood outside
my drivers side rear door.
I told officers this wasn’t the first time Beth locked me in a room and threatened to call the
cops on me if I left, I told them that Beth tried this earlier this year because of the stress she
was going through because of the abuse her son has endured in his Massachusetts group
homes, but I stayed that time and we talked through it. I told them they can go back and ask
Sue, she’s home, I told officers I saw her in front of the sink when I left. I told officers to ask my
sister when she arrives as well, she’s heard Beth tell the story of holding me in the bedroom
dozens of times.
I told officers that Beth was pushing me to get my record expunged because she wanted me to
become her sons co-guardian, I told warren officers I have physical evidence that ada
Katherine Johnston presented a fake receipt in that malicious damage to a motor vehicle case
on my record, she lied about that driver paying for that damaged window. Springfield officers
my altered police report and someone altered the notarized statement that I gave the Hampden
county DA’s office, all to help cover up Springfield officers helping a girl get away with driving
without car insurance and denying me medical attention. I told officers that I wouldn’t have
learned about that receipt if it wasn’t for judge Hadley making facing and remarks.
I told officers that Beth knew about my past suicide attempts and was trying to stress me out,
she was hoping I’d kill myself for leaving her, I also brought up how warren police transported
me to the emergency room in 2016 for a suicide attempt after I escaped the emergency room.
This was after discovering those court documents had been altered and no one I called was
willing to help me, the anxiety caused by my “at the time” undiagnosed hyperthyroidism
caused me to become suicidal.
Officers asked if I was still suicidal, I told them no, it only happens when my thyroid is off. I was
also misdiagnosed with other issues at the time and prescribed meds that made my issues feel
worse. I asked if their vehicles still recorded and they said yes.
I told officers after my last suicide attempt, I had a gun placed to my forehead and the files I
had with me, taken from me at my lawyers office and I was coerced into pleading guilty by my
lawyer Elaine Pourinski, the Supreme Court ada and judge. I didn’t forge that paper and didn’t
need it. I told officers this is the 2016 charge you see on my record. I was a complete disaster
at that time and everyone around me knew it, you officers can see the timeline, I was brought
to the hospital for my third suicide attempt in 4 months, it was the second you officers came to
my home and then I was l coerced into pleading guilty less than two weeks later. thankfully
being positive through that horrible ordeal got me Harley (my dog). that's how I also ended up

Warren Police Statement 
Page 3 of 5
meeting Beth, all this court stuff destroyed my marriage. Beth’s son was also abused in a
different group home than he’s being neglected in now and it was also covered up, that event
destroyed Beth’s marriage.
I told officers that ever since I met Beth her son had been abused and neglected in every
placement chosen by the commonwealth, she's been harassed by group home managers and
lied to by both group home companies and the state workers who are supposed to oversee her
sons care. Beth tried to buy a house, with the hopes of getting him closer, but the state said
they'd take his funding away if he moves into a home Beth or her son owns. The state pays
hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to abuse these kids in group homes and they only
offered Beth a worker to help her 20 hours a week if she took him home. This stuff would drive
Beth into panics, she couldn't understand how the state could display such disgusting
behavior. This caused her to have nightmares every night and it's not like she was making
things up or exaggerating, the things that I witnessed myself were horrible and Beth dealt with
it as best she could, she handled it better than I would have if that was my son. I told Beth she
could have our apartment, I didn't want to deal with these issues anymore, it was to much.
I told officers Beth needed a mental health evaluation, she was talking to herself in our dining
room, pacing back and forth and then telling me I should hit her if I’m so unhappy before
following me upstairs. She really wants me to kill myself, she’s never going to stop. You didn’t
see the look in her eyes. I’ve never seen her that angry. She’s been really upset about the
constant abuse of her son in these group homes, it’s absolutely disgusting and he’s still being
neglected at highland street in southbridge. Like I said his house manager was fired this
morning and Beth doesn’t have anyone to help her with her son, I was the only one who ever
stood up for her and her son.
When my sister arrived, one officer brought Harley over to her, they didn’t ask Kathy about
Beth holding me against my will previously or let her come near me to say anything.
After Kathy left, before one of the officers transported me back to the warren police station, he
radioed in his mileage .
We had to drive past my street “South st” on the way to the station and I asked if the officer
could retrieve my backpack, since it had both my medication and my dog’s heart worm
medication in it, along with other personal items. He claimed there was nothing he could do
and I’d have to speak to a lawyer.
When we reached the station, that officer called in his mileage and informed me he needed to
do paperwork and that I would be recorded again inside the station. I felt very lucky to be
recorded and tried starting my story from the beginning. I told him I wished they had that
recording devices years ago, it would’ve prevented so many problems for me. Again I told him
how I was walking though a parking lot, got hit by a car while I was walking. The cops arrived
and arrested me.
At the time I thought it was all a big misunderstanding. That driver didn’t have car insurance
and had a rejection sticker for safety. This officer asked me the last time I was arrested. Then
walked away and started working on his computer. He nodded indicating he typing, so I
stopped talking.
This officer came back and read me my rights again, I agree yes. He never asks any more
questions, so I assume he remembered everything I said and was documenting it in his
computer. This officer asked for my info again.

Warren Police Statement 
Page 4 of 5
We lingered around at the station for way longer than I expected, the officer was having trouble
taking my finger prints on their electronic scanner and became very frustrated. first he said said
the courts would take me and I’d be released, then he said it was to late the courts wouldn’t be
able to take me, so I’d have to be dropped at the state police station before I could be bailed
out after the court close. I was allowed to use the bathroom uncuffed and alone. When done
the officer places me back in cuffs. He took me out to the vehicle, then went back inside.
This same warren officer transported me to the state police barracks in Brookfield. Before he
left he called in his mileage again.
Along the way I told that officer that Beth knows I’m going to fight this bogus accidental elbow
charge, she’s trying to force me to fight her fights for her. She wants me to expose all the
abuse we’ve witnessed in her sons group home placements. I told this officer how a manager
Rich shook my hand and lied to our faces about making home visits a thing for her son, her
son was constantly restrained and neglected. Then he moves to Uxbridge, the commonwealth
did everything it could to keep him 2 hours away. This new home was just as bad as the last,
her son got a mysterious hand infection that wasn’t documented and then an old manager
Craig comes into the picture and her son starts getting hand prints on his arm, he starts having
weird behaviors in front of this guy. It got so bad I had to pull this guy aside and ask if he
needed help communicating with Beth’s son. This event led to her son moving to the home
he’s being neglected in now. I told the officer about how I drove to this house while recording
the screen. Staff didn’t interact with her son for hours. He was just sitting in a corner doing
nothing. Whenever I see him we go for walks and he’s super curious about what’s going on.
Beth was distraught over that manager being fired this morning. Cynthia seemed like she was
going to be able to help Beth expose all this abuse and neglect going on in these
Massachusetts group homes.
I told this officer about my issues trying to fight that malicious damage charge. I tried to report
Springfield police officers aiding that girl driving without car insurance and deleting it off of my
police report. I told him how I contacted the registry and they confirmed that girl didn’t have
insurance, had a rejection sticker for safety and suspended registration, she also drove around
with a suspended license at times. I told him how I contacted cjis and they confirmed that
officer accessed her license plate info and knew she was driving illegally, I told this officer that
because of judge Hadley I learned the Ada passed in a fake receipt as proof this girl paid for
her window, but I learned from the window place that the girl never paid and skipped out on
the bill. They gave me a copy of the receipt they faxed to her old insurance company. Then I
tried reporting these officers, but their fellow investigators helped cover up how they denied me
medical attention. I also learned the notarized statement I wrote was altered to hide things
officers told me. Once I learned about the receipt being fake, the commonwealth charged me
with forgery and I was ready to fight this in court, but then i got really sick and ended up trying
to commit suicide from all the stress I was going through, then some guy puts a gun to my
head in the hallway outside my lawyer Elaine Pourinskis' office in Northampton. She knew I was
a mess and used that to coerce me into pleading guilty, even though she knew I didn’t forge
anything. The prosecutor and judge were also in on this. We talked in the hallway before
pleading and i was told what the judge wanted to hear. I told the officer how pissed the judge
looked when I said something different. I said I didn’t remember forging it, but I must have
cause I wanted it. Everyone knew I didn’t need it to prove anything, I already had a
preponderance of evidence, but I was sick and I fell apart, then the courts took advantage of
me. After court I was told that I was lucky the judge didn’t throw me in jail for my stunt. I still
haven’t been able to get a recording of that hearing.
I told the officer that Beth and I talked about fighting the commonwealth every single day of our
relationship, she knows all about my issues with the courts and I know all about the horrible
things that happened to her. I told Beth I can’t take this anymore and she won’t let me walk
away. That is why she said I hit her by accident, she really thinks that forcing me into court with

Warren Police Statement 
Page 5 of 5
actually help. I told the officer I couldn’t take it anymore, I’ve tried for years to expose what
happened and no one cares, no one ever has any answers. That’s exactly what drove Beth
crazy, she had nightmares every night and constantly worried about her sons safety. Even
though he’s finally closer, these companies still have the same problems and keep lying to our
faces.
Beth isn’t going to stop, she knows how impossible it is to expose all this, she really hopes I
get stressed and kill myself fighting this charge.
Officer called in mileage when we got to state police barracks.
I like to point out that even though warren officers were gentle with me and my dog, given the
nature of my genetic muscle issues and past surgical history, I could've been severely injured
by my arrest, I was no threat to anyone, I consider what they did to be kidnapping, following
Beth's commands. Especially because they failed to charge her for what she did to me. I didn't
touch her and she didn't touch me, she was trying to force me to stay and I wanted to leave.
She had no right to try holding me against my will or using police to do the same. She
shouldn’t have been able to keep my backpack and rummage though my stuff. 


October 14, 2021 restraining order audio that I posted on YouTube shows Beth lying or you can hear Beth lying saying that my father said she could have our apartment and I wasn’t allowed back to the house

https://youtu.be/iiaYXPwptbM?si=x7f1WiNlEh6x2FA4

End of October I meet with Banks, here's what I remember and put in my complaint against him. 
Attorney Banks Page 1 of 14
When I first spoke with Attorney Roger Banks in court October 2021 after being charged with
domestic assault. I was severely traumatized by what my ex Beth Nichols had done to me. I
told him I wanted Beth charged with holding me against my will, threatening to use the police
to hurt me ( I wasn’t sure if there was a legal term for that, but I asked) and I wanted her
charged for stealing my backpack, Attorney Banks told me to wait so we could speak in his
office.
I met with Attorney Banks at his office in Spencer on Wednesday October 27, 2021.
*Attorney Banks started by asking if I did hit Beth and I told him no, I did not hit Beth, I told him
that she was lying and that she said she hoped police would hurt me and she wanted to ruin
my life for leaving her. Again I told Attorney Banks I wanted Beth charged with holding me
against my will, threatening to use the police to hurt me and stealing my backpack.
*Attorney Banks asked me to slow down, he asked what I did for work, I told him I'm on
disability. he asked what Beth did for work, I told him she worked part-time at Big-Y, he asked
how are relationship was, I told him it was great until the day of October 4th. He ask how long
we were dating, I told him 5 years.
*Attorney Banks asked where we lived, I told him in a two family side by side owned by my
father and that my dad and his wife Sue lived next door. He asked if they were home at the
time of this alleged incident, I told him Sue was home with her granddaughter, but my father
was at work.
*Attorney Banks asked if anyone else lived with us, I told him that Beth’s daughter Olivia had
just moved in with us a week prior and things were just getting settled. he asked if we got
along and I said yes, though I didn’t spend much time with her, she had a strained relationship
with her mother in the past and things were finally working out.
*Attorney Banks asked me to explain what happened that day, what led to Beth calling the
police.
I explained how I wasn’t feeling well at the time of this alleged incident, I was having severe
migraines and felt overwhelmed. Beth and I were sitting on our back porch after I had finished
the dishes. I told him that Beth and I always sat out on the back porch and talked, we’d been
talking about the same exact subjects since we first met. I told him Beth seemed like she had
totally lost it that morning, she was never like that before.
*Attorney Banks asked what I meant by lost it, I told him Beth’s son was the focal point in her
life, his safety and well-being meant the world to her and the recent neglect of her son had her
wanting to lash out at others, she had this crazy look in her eyes, so I had wanted to get away
from her.
I told Banks that Beth was also upset that morning about a rash her glasses had been causing
on her face recently, she is allergic to cobalt and she recently learned it was used as a dye in
their construction. She was also upset because she felt people at her job were being hard on
her for no reason and expected more out of her than other people.
I told him how the night before this alleged assault, Olivia had poured some gross water down
the kitchen sink, so I asked Beth to let Olivia know about the sink in the basement, Beth kept
on insisting that I tell Olivia myself, but I felt it wasn’t my place, I told her that people get upset
when I tell them things, but Beth seemed fixated on me telling Olivia myself.

Attorney Banks Page 2 of 14
That’s when Beth said Olivia told her that she noticed that I haven’t seemed as happy as I used
to be. I told Beth that I was feeling burned out, that something about my court papers and her
sons stuff was nagging at me.
I explained that those court papers referred the the felonies on my record. Beth wanted me to
become co-guardian of her autistic son Stephen and she was pushing me to get my record
expunged. Even her ex husband agreed that I should be their sons co-guardian, Beth was
hoping that I would be able to get into court before she and her ex had to refile for
guardianship. Allowing me to speak on her behalf without that paperwork seemed to be an
issue for the state and her sons group home companies.
I told Beth I think I‘m close to ready, but I still needed the audio from my first trial and my
superior court trial. She told me to tell it to her anyway, so I laid it all out for her.
I explained that Beth and I talked about two subjects all the time, my court issues and the
issues she’s had with the state and its cronies allowing the abuse and neglect of her son inside
state funded group homes. There was always a new abuse report or set of bruises. It was a full
time job keeping track of it all and trying to address it.
I explained that Beth wasn’t upset with me, she was upset with all the things that were going
on around us and she wanted to mouth off to people and wanted me to join in. Things were so
bad with the state workers and group home managers we had to deal with, that I felt I had to
start writing emails, instead of talking in the phone, just to keep track of and try preventing the
bold faced lies being told to us over the years.
I told Beth how it’s obvious when going over my court papers that no one cares. The courts
use collective stupidity against citizens.
*I told attorney Banks that I started at the beginning like I always do, Beth knows my ADHD will
have me trailing off, if I don’t focus on one subject and keep things linear.
I was married, in school for medical assisting and on workers comp when this all started, I
hadn't been diagnosed with hyperthyroidism or my genetic skeletal muscle disorder yet,
though I was suffering from their symptoms, so the choices I made weren't the brightest.
I was walking through the Springfield Walmart parking lot back to my car, when out of nowhere
I was struck by a vehicle. I was already injured at the time, unfortunately when the vehicle
struck me, I felt something tear in my right shoulder and then the rear tire stopped on my right
foot, in my attempt to free myself, I stumbled forward, accidentally elbowing the rear window,
shattering it. this all happened in a matter of seconds. The driver jumped out of her suv with
her phone to her head, yelling some nonsense. Security showed up and I told them I was
injured. Then I waited around for police to arrive.
When police arrived, they spoke with the driver first, then walked over and arrested me, they
didn’t take my statement, officers were very dismissive, I told them repeatedly I needed
medical attention. I asked and they refused to give me the drivers car insurance information, in
a mocking tone they told me to go to her address on fuller st in chicopee to get it. After being
released from jail and writing 'denied medical attention' on my release paperwork, I wrote a
statement with my left hand while I was in the emergency room and then I had my accountant,
who also worked 3rd shift, notarize this statement before handing it to an Ada the morning
after this incident, when I went to court for the first time. I also reported those officers denying
me medical attention to the first ADA I met, since I wrote about it in my notarized statement.

Attorney Banks Page 3 of 14
That ada gave me a black and white copy of my police report. I thought this was all a big
misunderstanding, so I agreed to represent myself.
Then during the next pretrial hearing, I had changed my mind about a lawyer, now I wanted
one, but different ada Katherine Johnston talked me out of one by telling me that I was going to
have to wait around until the end of the day, this was after I told her my shoulder, neck and
ankle were killing me and I wasn't on any medication, she told me this situation wasn’t a big
deal, I really didn’t need a lawyer. It’s just a formality. I could leave early if I agreed to go to trial
without a lawyer or I could be waiting around until the end of the day. so I agreed to represent
myself. When I learned of my injuries, I dropped copies of my injury reports off at the DA's
office right after leaving my drs appointments downtown. I requested the drivers car insurance
info and cell phone records, ADA Katherine Johnston said she'd get it for me. I reported
officers denying me medical attention to ADA Johnston and told her about it being in my
notarized statement.
I was very worried after learning about my new injuries, since I was already on workers comp
when this accident took place and didn't have a clue why I felt the way I did, so I went
downtown and filed a complaint against those arresting officers in what I was told to be a
department run by citizens on Maple St in Springfield, but I spoke to an officer. I knew before I
went down there that I received a torn rotator cuff and nerve damage in my right arm from that
incident. I had wanted those officers reprimanded for denying me medical attention and
refusing to give me the drivers insurance information.
Months after that Walmart incident, I went to trial without a lawyer, right before it started, ada
Johnston and ada Edward Kivari both came up to me and told me that judge Hadley said I
couldn’t have that drivers car insurance information or phone records, ( I had wanted the phone
records to prove she was on the phone when she hit me, not paying attention), they also said
this case was about wether I attacked her on purpose or not, not if I was injured at all. Before
trial judge Hadley said that my jury was sent home by accident. I agreed to have a trial by
judge and I was found guilty, placed on probation and ordered to go to anger management. I
was also ordered to come back 10 days later for restitution, because they didn’t have the
receipt or know the total for the window. but Judge Hadley did say I am owed a copy of the
invoice.
*Attorney Banks stopped me here and asked , they went to trial without having the receipt or
knowing the total? I said yes
When I went back to court ada Katherine Johnston boldly professed that the driver paid $311
for this window out of her own pocket. At this hearing judge Hadley again denied me the
drivers auto insurance info, he said it was a civil matter. after the hearing, ada Johnston refused
to give me a copy of the invoice, she said it had the drivers insurance info on it and judge
Hadley had denied me it.
None of this seemed right to me, so I used court lawyer services, then contacted attorney
Randy Milo to look into filing a motion for a new trial, which he did and attorney Eric
Applebaum to deal with the medical/car insurance side , since workers comp was only
handling my work related injuries. They shared an office in Springfield. They both claimed they
were unable to get me a copy of that window invoice.
After attorney Milo filed that motion, I received a letter in the mail saying that driver didn't have
car insurance at the time she hit me. I tried telling my probation officer Janet Ely, but she didn't
know who to report such a thing to, neither attorneys Milo or Applebaum claimed to know who

Attorney Banks Page 4 of 14
to report this to or how to handle it. They were unable to explain why police left that driver
being uninsured off of my police report.
I was then called into court because I hadn't started anger management, I was informed I
should've received a reply to the motion for a new trial already, but it wasn't mailed, I took that
opportunity to give judge Hadley that insurance reply and he read it, then said he couldn't read
it without the ADA there and then went into the backroom with my probation officer. I was
allowed to leave without being reprimanded
I received a reply to the complaint I filed on Maple st and saw that investigating officer left my
documented injuries off of that report and lied about what was said when I was released from
police custody, he claimed I asked for medical attention like an idiot, when I wrote denied
medical attention on my release paperwork and was threatened with being held until morning.
Then I called the Springfield police department and spoke with the chief for almost an hour, he
couldn't help with those officers denying me medical attention or the fact that girl didn't have
insurance and officers left that off my police report or that officer on Maple st ignoring my
documented medical injures in my complaint, the chief seemed confused and uninterested.
I used lawyer services again and contacted Attorney Anna Levine to attempt filing an appeal for
my case, she couldn't get that window invoice either and didn't know how to handle that
drivers lack of insurance or police denying me medical attention or leaving that drivers
insurance status off my police report. She said appeals don’t cover the Brady disclosure and
wasn’t sure if it was a violation.
So I went down to the mayors office and filed a complaint. I wrote the ACLU, the attorney
general, the governors office, I called the FBI and state police, no one could help.
Attorney Levine was never able to obtain the audio from my trial when Judge Hadley told me
my jury was sent home by accident, She also failed to obtain audio from the hearing I went to
for failing to start anger management , but she did get me other hearings and had them
transcribed.
A year after that Walmart incident, I noticed that driver kept driving past my house and I was
receiving threatening texts telling me to stop looking into that case, so I filed a harassment
order against her, on my way to the harassment order extension hearing I was attacked, there
should've been video from the Napa auto parts store a building 400 ft from where I was
attacked, but it was never investigated. the extension was denied
I filed another motion and went before judge Hadley and the comments he made while talking
about that car insurance issue and the faces he was making towards ADA Johnston inspired
me to keep looking.
After that I discovered my notarized statement was altered and I also learned that driver had
rejection sticker for safety and was able to take a picture of the courts copy in the docket with
my phone. I learned that driver had a sister working in the DA’s office, I also learned that driver
lived on the street I was attacked on, she lived 500ft from me this whole time.

Attorney Banks Page 5 of 14
Again I tried reporting this to the District Attorneys office, Jon Gay in the clerks office, the
Mayor, the Governor, the attorney generals office, the ACLU, the FBI, Springfield police and
state police.
This time State police gave me copies of paperwork that showed that drivers suspended
license, no insurance, suspended registration and rejection sticker for safety. She was still
driving around illegally, I tried reporting this to the Springfield police and DA’s office, even with
this physical proof, no one cared, it was ignored.
I received a response to the motion I filed in the mail and I even tried to complain about it to the
courts, because it ignored the insurance company questions I had again, I requested a different
judge since I had asked judge Hadley about this insurance issue multiple times and he tried to
claim it was a civil matter. In the meantime used this motion paperwork to get CJIS login in
verification. This proved officers looked up that drivers registration info and let her drive away
illegally.
Shortly after I received a letter about a court date for forgery and thought it was concerning my
altered statement being looked into, I didn't have a clue it was about the order judge Hadley
sent to me or that the order was fake. So I kept looking for more evidence against the driver
and ADA, that's when I discovered that receipt the ADA Johnston so boldly professed was paid
for was in fact a fake, it was never paid for and the price was raised from its original $245 to
$311.
I raced back to court with the original unaltered receipt, I spoke again with ADA Edward Kivari
outside the district Attorneys office and told him about that drivers lack of insurance,
suspended registration, rejection sticker for safety, police aiding and abetting, the altered
police report, my altered notarized statement, police denying me medical attention. I handed
him copies of the real receipt and a statement from the window company manager stating the
window was never paid for. ADA Kivari seemed confused and couldn't offer advice.
I then asked attorney Anna Levine to speak with then DA Mark Mastrioni and he offered
nothing.
* I asked attorney banks about that charge still being a felony because the original price for the
window before being altered was under $300, he said anything over $250 is a felony, I told him
it was under $250, he said he didn’t know, he’d need to see the docket. So I continued.
Attorney Levine couldn’t offer any advice on the altered evidence, a Brady disclosure violation
or who to report this to, she only knew how to handle appeals and none of this fit she claimed.
I spoke with Jon gay again in the clerks office and he was clueless as to how to report
anything, I asked about this being a conflict of interest because of the altered evidence on my
docket and the driver having family in the da's office, he said wouldn't look into anything or
point me in the right direction.
I then had that hearing I thought was about my altered statement and learned that I was
charged with forgery and I was appointed attorney Nolan to fight this charge, he thought the
evidence I collected against the Springfield police was the greatest, but he was forced to
withdraw due to a conflict of interest, that’s when I was appointed attorney Elaine Pourinski
and she had a private investigator look into the claims I made. the investigator confirmed what
I discovered about my notarized statement being altered, the one in the docket was missing
the pages about police denying me medical attention and them telling me the drivers home

Attorney Banks Page 6 of 14
address, he confirmed the window receipt that ada Johnston presented was a fake and had a
different price than the one that was faxed to her old insurance company. He confirmed that
the prosecution had color photos and they showed the red rejection sticker for safety, but they
only ever provided me with with black and white copy as is their policy. he confirmed the
drivers insurance and inspection sticker status was deleted off of my police report, he
confirmed the driver has a sister who works in the DA's office and a cousin who works in the
clerks office. He confirmed the investigator on Maple st lied in his report, leaving off my
documented injuries and that I had signed my release paperwork with Denied medical
attention.
*Again I asked if this was a conflict of interest, since I went down to the courthouse and told
everyone all of the evidence I found, I thought I could trust the courts and that driver had two
family members there helping her. attorney Banks didn’t know.
It was around this time that I started having suicidal ideation, due to undiagnosed
hyperthyroidism and being misdiagnosed and prescribed medication for issues I didn’t have.
My attorney Pourinski knew all about this and after trying to kill myself in October 2015, she
tried to get me to plead to a CWF, she knew I was a mess, the judge we went before denied it.
Then after I tried to kill myself for the 3rd time, I had a gun placed to my forehead and my files
taken from me by some stranger in the hallway right outside attorney Pourinski’s office in
Northampton on our final visit, she then coerced me into pleading guilty, she knew I didn’t
forge that document and she knew I wanted to fight this and use the evidence I had already
gathered against the district attorney’s office and Springfield police department, but she
convinced me there was no hope, she knew I was suicidal and refused to help me expose what
happened. She convinced me she was also worried about her safety and I should be worried
about my families and that I shouldn’t call police to report what happened. I agreed to plead
guilty in exchange for probation. Before pleading, we spoke with the superior court ada in the
hallway outside the courtroom and I was told what the judge wanted me to say, I plead guilty,
but didn’t say what I was supposed to, the judge made pissy faces, but still accepted my plea,
attorney Pourinski told me after trial that I was lucky the judge didn’t toss me in prison, she
was very angry.
After trial while filing out my probation paperwork, I tried telling the probation officer I was
coerced into pleading guilty, I begged the woman to tell me the names anyone I could contact
who would listen, I told her I recently had a gun placed to my forehead, I begged for a number
to anyone at all that I could report this to, she was unable to help me.
I was then sent to Worcester for probation because I had moved and again I tried reporting
what happened to the probation guy I was appointed, he was clueless and I tried reporting this
to the court appointed therapist they assigned me in Worcester. I asked them many times who I
could report this stuff to and no one could help. I attempted to file charges in chicopee but was
ignored.
And then I met you.
* I told Attorney Banks
I met Beth September of that year, while I was still on probation. The first night I met her she
told me all about her issues with her son being assaulted and how having him so far away has
been a horrifying experience and I told her everything about my court issues and suicide
attempts.

Attorney Banks Page 7 of 14
* I told attorney Banks, I had again asked my ex Beth to give me a some time to stretch my
neck, I told her I had a migraine, but she wanted to keep talking right then and there. Beth was
very insistent.
Beth then questioned me about an email I had been working on for her son, I had sent it out a
couple days before, but she had been working and we didn’t have time to talk about it before
that morning, she had been passing out early because hadn’t been sleeping well, not that she
ever slept well, she had nightmares every night, tossing and sounding like she was in a panic in
her sleep.
*I explained to attorney Banks that Beth had me write and respond to all emails regarding her
son Stephen. Beth found dealing with her sons group home workers and state managers to be
overwhelming. Even her ex husband Patrick Nichols agreed that having me write emails was a
good idea, people didn’t listen to either of them and lied to them all the time. this allowed us to
keep track.
Again I told Beth that something about all this stuff with her son was nagging at me and I
couldn’t figure it out. So she told me start at the beginning like always.
When we first met your son was locked in a psych ward 2 hours away in New Hampshire, even
though there were psych wards much closer, state workers even threatened to claim you
abandoned him there in their attempts to force you to place him in a setting you found unsafe.
Drs and state workers lied to you about your sons behaviors and drs at this hospital kept him
heavy sedated while there.
Then he moves to Crystal Springs and they to lie to our faces too. Rich Mancini shook my hand
and promised to make home visits a regular thing, he promised mall and park outings. He said
these things in front of you and they were bold faced lies.
Crystal Springs asl tried to keep him drugged instead of trying to communicate with him.
Staff would ignore him and close his door, knowing it upsets him, then one time when he
busted the cheap door down. Crystal springs tried to use this as an excuse to drug him,
instead of following his iep and trying to communicate with him.
They tried to force us to take restraint training, when I decided it was time for us to start taking
Stephen out on our own.
Then Rich Mancini calls to threatens to have your son sent to the emergency room, because
we refused to allow them to toss him in the closet anymore, they used the closet instead of
following his IEP.
*I told Banks I was disgusted they were constantly restraining her son and failing to document
it.
Rich Mancini claimed the company couldn’t take your son to the hospital after you arrived for a
surprise visit and discovered a large swollen area on his face. Staff had no explanation and
there was no documentation, so I drove 2 hours both ways to help both bring him to get
checked by drs.

Attorney Banks Page 8 of 14
Then he gets dumped at KDC, those staff loved watching violent rap videos with us there, they
talked about the Florida of the North and staff used his Netflix account to watch violent movies,
not the Disney type he actually likes, they lie about taking him for walks and then there are the
undocumented injures, visible infections on his hands with zero explanation. Companies
change and Amigo also lies about making home visits a thing and Stephen started getting
mystery handprints on his arm, his old manager from the house he was abused at years ago,
started working with him, this Craig Robinson told me about the abuse that happened at his
previous company and he was the only person your son ever reacted panicky around, Craig
looked the other way when he started jumping up and down, making loud vocalizations I've
never witnessed this behavior before and he glared right at Craig the whole time.
When we tried to get him transferred to another home, the state workers lied about who owns
these homes, it sounded like a real-estate fraud scheme, since public records didn't match
what they were saying.
We file multiple claims of abuse and neglect, we finally get him to a closer house and the
problems just seem to get worse and I told her this new house also seemed like a problem that
needed to be addressed asap.
Beth agreed and we talked about the current issues going on in her sons new home. They were
understaffed and poorly trained staff. Clients were happy when we he first moved in, but that
changed and program managers said these guys do that, which we thought was bullshit, staff
were always on their phones, the bathroom was disgusting with a scum layer covering the
walls.
Beth didn’t understand what I meant about what was bothering me, outside of the normal
issues we were always dealing with. Beth was worked up because she just learned while we
were talking that morning that her sons new house manager was fired, this women was going
help us expose the abuse and neglect going on inside Beth’s sons current home placement.
This lady said she was doing the job cause she said she loved it, not cause she needed the
money.
So I told Beth about the email I had sent.
I told Banks one of their program managers had lied to our faces about getting staff to take her
son for walks and they also never arranged home visits. I gave him the basics on the email
since mine was missing. I assume Beth deleted mine since she still had access to my laptop
for weeks.
One day we went to visit her son and assemble a bureau, a program manager was there and I
spoke with her about taking her son on walks, this woman said they needed two staff, I asked
how she was going to make this happen when there’s only two or three staff working with 5
guys? She said not to worry about it, they’re hiring staff. I asked her to contact us weekly and
I’ll personally come take him for walks of they can’t, she said that wouldn’t be necessary, again
I questioned her about staff, she said they haven’t hired anyone yet. So I asked how they were
going to make this happen anytime soon, she said it'll happen.
During this same visit Beth was downstairs with her son, she had previously bought a tv tray
for her son to eat his meals on, because another resident was violent at the kitchen table, but
staff took his tv tray for themselves, this happened while we were both there. Her son had a

Attorney Banks Page 9 of 14
dinner plate on his lap. Beth was horribly upset, her hands were shaking, the program manager
had to speak with staff about appropriate behavior. There was also the incident where her sons
FaceTime was turned on and left pointing at the ceiling for two hours without any staff
interacting with him at all, but I could hear yelling, pounding and grunting coming from another
part of the house. It wasn’t from a television. Beth wanted all of this documented and
addressed asap, she seemed frustrated that it took me longer than normal to write that email.
*I told attorney Banks that this stuff was really weighing on my mind that morning, but Beth
was the one getting herself all fired up, more so than I felt was needed
We didn’t know what to do next, we tried and failed many times attempting at reporting the
abuse and neglect to DDS, the DPPC, the state and local police, calling the disability law
center.
I told Banks I tried to change the subject to scrappy’s (Beth's dog) upcoming dental
appointment and Beth brought up driving arrangements. That’s when I told Beth about my Dad
stopping me on my way in the night before and told me he didn’t want to getting another car,
he said he didn’t want the driveway looking like a parking lot. Beth seemed very upset by this,
she told me that she was going to buy me a car and she was going to speak to my father,
which just sounded like she wanted to argue with someone to me.
*I explained to attorney Banks that Beth had been keeping track of all the hours I helped her
with her son and all the miles put on my car visiting her son, I also let Beth use my car for work
and it was damaged, so she was going to reimburse me, the total was around $10,000 at that
point.
I told Beth I didn’t want her speaking to my father, that we don’t have the money for a car
accessible at the moment, so I don’t want to start a fight over something that isn’t even
possible. Beth got very frustrated cause she really wanted me to be able to head of to her sons
house and make surprise visits to keep an extra eye on her son.
Beth then said she wanted to talk about her daughters boyfriend sleeping over, which I
responded, she just moved in and we agreed to live here under my dads rules.
It was at this point I told Beth I’m done talking, I wanted to leave, that I wasn’t going to be
around to start trouble with people, that the things she says to people always comes back on
me.
*I told attorney Banks how my dad gave me discount on rent, at this time I was paying our rent,
electric and phone bills, Beth paid for our food and her car.
I got up to grab my things so I could leave. Beth followed me into our dining room and kept
trying to tell me things, but I told her I’m done.
Then Beth started saying “if you’re so unhappy then hit me”. I told her grow up, I can’t take this
anymore. Beth tried to get in my way as I grabbed my medication and placed it in my
backpack, she was acting childish and trying to prevent me from gathering my dogs heart
worm and her toothbrush. I told Beth this is why no one wants to help you. I told her I’m

Attorney Banks Page 10 of 14
leaving, you can have the apartment. Then once my backpack was ready, I went upstairs to
change my clothes, since it was cold and rainy out.
Beth followed me upstairs into our middle bedroom and closed the door behind us. While I was
changing, I told her to move out of the way multiple times and she kept saying " No I'll call the
cops if you try to move me". She tried telling me something else, but I wasn’t listening to
anything she said. This went on for a half hour, she refused to move, she threatened me
multiple times, saying she’d call the cops on me if I moved her, she said she’d tell them I hit
her. I repeatedly told Beth you can’t do this stuff to people, this is why no one wants to help
you. She continued this childish behavior and when I couldn't take anymore, I told her “I’ll
scream for help, I haven’t heard anything you were talking about, I stopped listening after you
threatened to call the cops”. She got this deranged look on her face and said “I am gonna call
the cops and tell them you hit me, I’ll never stop, I hope you do kill yourself this time.”
*Banks asked if Beth ever mocked me like that before? I told him no, this was the first time she
ever said she hoped I killed myself. I told Banks Beth's daughter Olivia was in the bedroom
next to the one we were in, I wasn't fighting or arguing with Beth, I just wanted to get away
from her.
After hearing that, I picked up my dog Harley and told Beth to “get the fuck out of my way”,
she opened the door and walked out, then she stood in front of the stairs for a moment, almost
like she was going to try blocking my way again, hoping I'd push her down the stairs. but then
she moved aside, allowed to go downstairs, she followed behind me. As I was putting Harley’s
harness on, Beth snatched my backpack and refused to give it back.
•Banks asked what else in my backpack, I told him my FPV drove setup, telescopic fishing pole
and lures, my knee, elbow and ankle braces, phone charger, poncho. I told him I took it with
me every time I left the house.
Beth mocked me as she held my backpack, saying she’ll never pay me back, again saying that
if I walk out that door she hopes I do kill myself, she said she hopes police hurt me and put me
in the hospital.
I told her this is why no one wants to help you, you act like a child and purposely try to upset
people when you don’t get your way. I told Beth she has no right to do these things to people
after they’ve helped her and still have the nerve to expect them to listen to anything she has to
say.
I told Beth I hope the police do hurt me, cause I’m never going to help you ever again.
Again she told me she’ll never pay me back, good luck getting a job. I said whatever, you have
to no right to try to trap me here. You’re just desperate to be a victim.
She grabbed my second set of headphones that I kept hanging on a kitchen hook and was
dangling my backpack as if she wanted me to try grabbing them from her. She was in the
middle of kitchen and I was in the dining room, I walked towards her in the kitchen, I told her to
give me my backpack, then she walked towards the front door and I took that opportunity to
escape out the backdoor with my dog Harley.
**Banks asked again if elbowed her on the way out. I told him no, and told him that Sue and
Olivia would’ve heard our dogs go crazy if I had hit Beth. plus Beth has a laundry list of

Attorney Banks Page 11 of 14
physical issues, if I had assaulted her in any way, she would’ve aggravated something, she
definitely would’ve raced to the hospital.
* I told attorney Banks that I thought all of this stuff she's been through had finally gotten to her
and I thought she needed a mental health evaluation.
*Attorney Banks asked if Beth ever did this before and I said yes, I told him about a time about
6 months before, Beth had tried holding me in our bedroom when no one was around. I tried
walking by her and she became all dramatic, she claimed I brushed into her as I tried to sneak
by and she said she’d call the cops if I left. She even told people about it. I didn’t believe she’d
actually do it, the first time seemed more like she was panicking.
•Banks said he wants a list and would contact my witnesses and get statements about what
Beth said to them about holding me in that room.
•Attorney Banks asked what happened with police. I told him that I agreed to continue
speaking to police after they read me my rights and told him what details I shared with them.
Banks told me that was a terrible idea, he told me the less I say the better.
*Banks said he would request the body cam footage.
*I asked Banks why officers didn’t charge Beth for what she did to me, he said officers
probably didn’t want to make things worse, since their report doesn’t indicate any injuries, Beth
denied needing medical treatment and officers didn’t take any pictures, plus I told Banks that
Beth had these previous medical issues, why weren’t any of them aggravated.
*Banks said he would request a copy of Beth’s medical records.
*I told Banks how lucky I felt that I wasn’t injured by police. That Beth was well aware that I’m
disabled because of a genetic skeletal muscle disorder and I’ve had over a dozen orthopedic
joint surgeries, she said she hoped officers would hurt me.
Again I asked about having Beth charged for holding me against my will, stealing my backpack
and threatening to use police to hurt me. Banks said it was up to officers if they found probable
cause. I asked banks if this was assault, since Beth made threats of having police hurt me, or if
it was aiding and abetting since police officers followed her commands and ignored my safety
and well-being. he just shrugged.
I told banks that just because officers were gentle with me, didn’t mean that what they were
doing couldn’t have caused me serious physical harm. My shoulder and neck were cramping at
the time of my arrest and I had a horrible migraine. Banks told me that the laws were changed
so that people could be arrested for assault and battery without any evidence to support the
claim, all because citizens complained that people in power got away with physically abusing
their loved ones, he gave an example of some baseball player I’ve never heard of beating his
wife and not being arrested.
I asked Banks if the police could be charged with assault and battery and kidnapping for doing
as Beth commanded and not charging her for what she did to me? he said no, it's a judgement
call on their part.

Attorney Banks Page 12 of 14
I told attorney Banks about Beth Lying during our restraining order extension hearing October
14, 2021, she claimed my father said she could have our apartment and I wasn’t allowed back
and that she said there was a history of abuse. Which was a boldfaced lie.
Attorney Banks said he would send a request to the ada to obtain the court recording from that
day and he would get a statement from my father and that I shouldn’t speak to him about this
incident.
Attorney Banks also said the court recording and body cam footage had to come from the
district attorney’s office and he would request it all.
I also made Attorney Banks aware of a 911 alert I received from Beth’s son Stephens phone on
October 24,2021, I showed him a picture of the alert and a picture of the bruises a staff
member inflicted upon her son at one point. Beth's son was living in a group home for the
mentally challenged at this time and I was really concerned for his safety and well-being.
Attorney Banks dismissed my concerns and laughed, he said he gets reports of disabled
people being abused in this home all the time and told me that he has a client at that very
address. He continued laughing when talking about the guy who got naked and would slam his
fists down on the kitchen table when dinner wasn’t served on time. He also spoke about
different abuse allegations that Beth and I weren’t made aware of, back when I was still
supposed to be alerted, staff were caught yelling at clients, clients had mystery bruises, I
asked what I could do about the 911 alert I received or past abuse reports I filed, attorney
Banks said nothing, He told me not to worry about it, it’s not my concern anymore. I asked
about the past abuse reports I filed on her sons behalf, Banks just shrugged.
Attorney Banks assured me I had nothing to worry about because police didn’t take this
seriously, police didn't take my statement, police didn't take any pictures of Beth’s alleged
injuries, police didn’t take statements from anyone else in the house at the time. He noted that
Beth didn’t seek medical attention. He said we were just going through the motions, the laws
have changed, it's nothing personal.
*I asked Attorney Banks who I could report ada Johnston for tampering with evidence, and
altering notarized statements to, he said the DA’s office can alter evidence if it indicates
another crime, he said he would have to see my court docket.
* I asked attorney banks if an ada withholding the fact the driver was committing a crime at the
time of this alleged incident was a violation of the Brady disclosure? He wasn’t sure.
*I asked attorney Banks if it was aiding and abetting when officers allowed that driver to drive
away illegally? he wasn't sure
* I asked banks about the missing insurance info on the police report, shouldn't police be
required to notify people in accidents of drivers without insurance and rejection stickers for
safety? he said he wasn’t sure.
* I asked attorney banks about this being a Conflict of interest because that drivers sister
worked in the DA's office. He didn’t know

Attorney Banks Page 13 of 14
* I asked Banks who I could report being coerced into pleading guilty in superior court, he said
he didn't know how things were done in superior court.
Before I left his office, attorney Banks agreed again to request the body cam and warren
booking footage since police didn’t document me giving my statement,
He told me he would send a request to the DA’s office for the October 14, 2021 restraining
order audio, he said it would help my case to prove that Beth lied about things my father said
to her, that Beth was trying to create conflict within my family.
Banks told me all evidence requests had to go through the da’s office so it could take a while.
I reminded Banks that the emails I sent on Beth’s sons behalf were no longer in my yahoo
account said he would send in a request to subpoena Beth’s emails to the state.
I told Banks I wanted my trial asap, he told me I have to wait a year, Beth has to be given time
to drop the charges.
I told Banks that Beth would never stop, she said it herself, she really hopes I'll get stressed
out over all of this and kill myself. You didn’t see the look in her eyes, I'd never seen Beth like
that before, she looked like she lost it.
Banks told me he would request money for an investigator to speak Sue and Olivia, because
they were in the house that day, he also said speaking to the people Beth bragged about
holding me against my will the first time and then claiming I bumped into her while trying to get
by, would be good for my case and showed a pattern of behavior for Beth.
He thought it would be a good idea for the investigator speak to Beth’s coworkers, after I told
him we used to work together traveling to different Big Y’s to set up new products and Beth
currently worked at Big Y in Palmer with her daughter and people we know.
He also wanted statements about Beth owing me $10,000 as a possible motive for lying. along
with the fact Olivia just moved in a week before and how Beth lied during our restraining order
hearing about my Dad saying she could have our apartment and I wasn't allowed back.
In court April, 4, 2022 Attorney Banks told me he received the 911 call audio and that body
cam footage, but hadn’t finished listening to it, , he mentioned Beth denying the need for
medical attention, he ask me why I was so worried about my dog. He wanted to listen to the
entirety, then set up a date and time to listen to it together. Banks asked me why I kept talking
after being arrested, again I reminded him about the stuff that happened to me in Hampden
county district court. attorney Banks still hadn’t requested money for an investigator like he
agreed to do, so I called him out on it, I told him my father is still waiting to be questioned.
Banks got mad and gabbed his finger in my face telling me not to tell him how to do his job.
Banks requested the money for an investigator at this pretrial hearing, he said he would get the
investigator to question people right away.
At our next pretrial date June 23, 2022, Banks claimed something came up and handed me a
paper with a new court date and left.

Attorney Banks Page 14 of 14
During the next pretrial conference September 20, 2022 I asked Banks what was going on and
if he was going to do any of the things he agreed he would do and where that body cam
footage was, he acted confused and said he’d make a request me to get a new lawyer, since I
didn’t seem happy with his job performance. The judge accepted his requested to withdraw
and implied that I couldn’t handle the truth, when I tried to speak up about attorney Banks
behavior and failure to follow through on things we agreed he would do, but the judge wasn’t
interested.


2022

Nothing yet, 

But I should get the audio from East Brookfield I can show that that female judge said that I can’t handle the truth after I accused Attorney Banks of not doing his job any jabbed his finger in my face when I called him out on not doing the things he said he was going to do and he shook my hand and said he was gonna do them



2023

Here's from Doherty, he is a scumbag, a real scumbag and I think the public is going to get to learn that.
Attorney O'Doherty Page 1 of 5
I was appointed Attorney O'Doherty without explanation, on March 16 ,2023 we spoke at
length about the things that happened with Beth October 4, 2021, our relationship, the things I
told police after being arrested and what I talked to attorney Banks about.
Attorney O'Doherty was very excited when I told him how Beth visually appeared when she
said that she hopes I do kill myself this time and she wanted the police to hurt me. He said he
wanted to use those statements against her at trial.
He was also very excited about Beth owing me $10,000 and her comments about not paying
me, since I told him that there were references to this in our emails to her sons group home
managers and state area directors and Beth also told my family and friends. These emails also
covered Beth wanting me to become co-guardian to her son. O'Doherty said he would use a
rule 17 to subpoena those records and have the investigator question my list of people about
her remarks.
O'Doherty also spoke to me about pursuing a harassment order because of the things Beth
posted online, he said it would help my defense, I choose not to, I just wanted to go to trial. He
said he would have an investigator document the things Beth posted online for my trial.
O'Doherty wanted me to focus on Beth holding me in that middle bedroom and her owing me
money, he wanted me to ignore the things we talked about that led to her actions. I told him I
couldn’t do that.
I told O'Doherty I've been back on thyroid medication and my perspective had changed
I told O'Doherty that my refusing to listen to Beth is what set her off that morning. In the days
leading up to this alleged assault, I showered Beth with affection, we weren’t having
relationship issues, our relationship was great. whenever Beth did get upset, it was always
because of the abuse and neglect going on in her sons group homes or when staff would lie to
her and she felt helpless to do anything about it. Every night Beth had nightmares and she
would toss and turn because of the torment this caused her, she talked about it every day. plus
she was extra upset about her sons house manager being fired that morning. She was pushing
for me to become her sons co-guardian to help her with all of this and I ran off.
I told O'Doherty I wasn’t going to try making Beth out to be a monster, I wanted her to get help,
O'Doherty was disgusted by my responses, he couldn’t seem to understand why I felt like I
caused Beth’s severe emotional distress that day or why I want to tell the whole story. I
explained again to him, I had gone out of my way for Beth and her son since the day I met her.
She had no explanation as to why I ran off in such a bizarre way and without running my big
mouth trying to explain myself, I just ignored her, which I'd never done ever before, she was
hoping I'd argue with her and I didn't.
Plus I agreed with her that morning when she claimed I wasn't happy, even though that wasn't
true, I just wanted to get away from her at that moment. I was worried about dealing with my
father not wanting me to get a car and this stuff with the court and her sons group homes also
seemed like an impossible task. it was causing me to have a panic attack and I had a migraine
from a cramp in my neck, it felt like my right eye was going to pop out of my head. I just

Attorney O'Doherty Page 2 of 5
wanted to lay down, not confront people about their remarks or get into physical altercations
with anyone.
I told him Beth had never seen me overwhelmed by anything before, I had always been super
arrogant.
Especially when talking about dealing with the state and lawyers, I approached dealing with her
sons group home workers and state contacts with excitement and enthusiasm, I was never
overwhelmed by any of it.
I told him I wouldn't have told Beth the things I did that morning, if I wasn't sick, she asked me
what people said about her and I told her. I wouldn't have responded the same way either, so I
can understand why she was so upset.
Plus Beth probably believed I wasn’t happy since I was experiencing erectile disfunction again,
so I'm sure that didn't help things.
I told O'Doherty how it took months to get back on thyroid medication and felt lucky I didn’t kill
myself because of all the stress this situation caused me and my family and the lack of concern
shown for my safety and well-being this entire time. I told him I wrote myself an email in
October of 2021 to remind myself of details I thought I might forget, and I sound like a whiny
baby complaining about things that never worried me before. It was shocking to see how
whiney I sounded in that email.
I asked if the warren police could be charged with kidnapping, since I told them what Beth said
and they didn’t document my statement. He just wanted to focus on my defense. I countered,
wouldn’t this help my defense, he wasn’t sure.
I asked who I could report being coerced into pleading guilty to, O'Doherty said that I should
file a motion for a new trial with the malicious damage to motor vehicle case and this coerced
confession will come out because of this.
before I left O'Doherty Agreed to do these things.
1. Attorney O'Doherty said he would make a written request for the warren body cam footage
since it was missing from the file attorney Banks gave him, he said it would help to use what I
said to police that morning against Beth at trial, he said her emotional state didn't matter.
2. Attorney O'Doherty also agreed he would have an investigator speak to the witnesses I
listed, since attorney Banks didn’t, he agreed that Beth holding me against my will and
threatening to call the police on me in the past, shows a pattern of behavior and that I didn’t
actually believe she’d call and say something like that. plus Beth told these people she owed
me money and wanted me to become her sons co-guardian, so I could deal with the issues
she was having with the state. He also wanted statements from Sue and Olivia because there

Attorney O'Doherty Page 3 of 5
was no noise in the house, or physical altercation that upset set our dogs, I had explained they
would go crazy if we play fought. Sue would've complained about the noise. We were talking,
not arguing or fighting. he agreed that ending a conversation isn't hostile or aggressive in any
way.
3. O'Doherty said he'd make a written request for Beth's medical records because of the preexisting injuries she has.
4. O'Doherty said he would use a rule 17 to request emails I sent on Beths' sons behalf, since
these showed that Beth wanted me to become her sons co-guardian and owed me $10,000 to
pay me back.
5. O'Doherty said he would make a written request to obtain my restraining order audio.
O'Doherty told me I should file a motion for a new trial, that it would look good for my case and
that the things I told him should be addressed, so I went down March 17, 2023 and filed, this
motion was denied, judge Hadley claimed I made bold allegations.
 *********************
The first trial date I was given was May 24, 2023, attorney O'Doherty arrived totally unprepared,
I asked him what was going on. He asked if I trusted him, which I replied No, since he said he
didn’t gathered any of the evidence he agreed to obtain, he didn't request the body cam
footage, he didn’t have an investigator speak to anyone to gather statements or invite any
witnesses to speak at my trial, he didn’t get copies of the emails I sent, all things he himself
said would help my case. I told him I was completely in the dark about what was going on and
wanted to speak to the judge before trial, I told him “I already told you what happened with my
previous trials where evidence was altered and presented as fact by ada Johnston and I was
coerced into pleading guilty after having a gun placed to my forehead and trying to commit
suicide 3 times. I'm lucky I got back on thyroid medication when I did, I’m not going to allow
any more games. ”. He smiled at me and said he'll be back, went into the courtroom alone,
saying I had to wait outside and he cancelled my trial, then rushed out of the courtroom he said
he has to leave and court is now May 26th in Worcester, without slowing down, he ran out of
the courthouse, leaving me with zero explanation. leaving me even more confused than before.

Attorney O'Doherty Page 4 of 5
copy of text messages with Attorney O'Doherty
MO
Michael ODoherty
Text Message • SMS
May 25, 2023 at 7:09 PM
The court date tomorrow is a trial assignment date. It is not a trial date.
Held on the fourth floor room
23 9:00
It does not seem you have confidence in my representation.
Accordingly I will be making a motion to withdraw as there is a breakdown in the
attorney/ client relationship.
A new attorney will be appointed.
**************
Ricky Stebbins
 May. 26, 2023 at 8:48 AM
Not Delivered
Not Delivered
I'm confused as to what is going on.
You told me that we were going to trial Wednesday; but vou can into court totally unprepared
and never provided me with any of the information I asked you about.
I was told that my case was going to be investigated by Attorneys Banks, Dicato and yourself.
We all agreed on who to talk to and what information to gather.
As far as I am aware, nothing was ever looked into. I was granted a court order for money to
investigate my statements.
Once I mentioned being coerced into pleading guilty in my last court case and that it was
because I found evidence that the commonwealth created fake evidence in a previous case.

Attorney O'Doherty Page 5 of 5
Every lawyer I talk to get scared and stops communicating with me.
Beth and I talked about it all the time and she was pushing me to fight my coerced confession
and they malicious damage case, that the commonwealth created fake evidence in.
Beth wanted me to be co guardian for he son, because she was tired of the
commonwealth lying and not doing anything about her son being abused.
That last day, she told me she hopes I kill myself this time and laughed that she was going to
call the police and no one was going to help me.
And it appears she's right
So from now on, I'm going to need to communicate in writing, to prevent any
misunderstandings or confusion on anyone's part
**************
MO
Michael ODoherty
As i stated there is a
breakdown in the attorney/ client relationship. I am making a motion to withdraw


May 23, 2023 attorney ODoherty asked to be dismissed and I mouthed off so I need to get more of a description.

https://youtu.be/jhF6ilH8zW4?si=QQuaIogA_I5j34yI

June 14, 2023 video about my feeling after attorney ODoherty tried to get me to have trial by surprise. 

https://youtu.be/4hXmNYkUWio?si=ivQaWLPOXp48S47t

June 14, 2023

https://youtu.be/9d2haFlPHY8?si=PY1NE94IBOEowSeF

December 23, 2023 tried to get a harassment order against the Worcester County district attorney office and Joe early. They were stalling my case and withholding evidence and acting stupid. When I talk to this judge in Hampton county about it, he said he didn’t know who to contact he was just as confused as everyone else on earth I ask.


December 22, 2023 tried to get a harassment order against the Worcester County district attorney office and Joe early. They were stalling my case and withholding evidence and acting stupid. When I talk to this judge in Hampton county about it, he said he didn’t know who to contact he was just as confused as everyone else on earth I ask.


“This below covers events from a 2023 harassment order hearing. I was targeted by the same system that failed to protect all of us, and here’s the transcript and breakdown.”

Transcription of video by me.

I told the judge that the Worcester County District Attorney's office and Joe early were preventing me from going to trial because I have evidence that Hampton County District Attorney ADA Katherine Johnston and police officer Thomas Sheehan tampered with evidence in my previous case and this was a conversation I was having with my ex the morning That this argument I mean this discussion. This is where the judge interrupted me and asked if those about the case with the Warren Police Department. I explained to the judge that My ex didn't know what was wrong with me I wasn't feeling well and I didn't want to deal with the situation. I told this judge that I didn't know I was sick again and she didn't know it either, she was enraged when I left and I explained to my lawyers what happened in this other case evidence And they explained it to the Worcester County District Attorney's office they told me that I had to to deal with it all in Springfield. even though I don't care about getting these felonies off my case, I even tried to commit suicide because I was so sick and at a case in Superior Court and Coerced me into pleading guilty. and they won't even give me the recordings I've been trying to get the transcripts from that hearing during that hearing I said I don't remember doing it it was less than two weeks after getting out of the psych ward and every time I tried to tell people. And then the judge interrupted me and asked me how I was feeling today. I told him I'm feeling very stressed that I'm still speaking to a therapist I'm talking to my doctors about this a they all said I sound reasonable even though it's affecting me physically and mentally Because I have a skeletal genetic muscle disorder. And the judge tells me he's sorry about that. And I told them that my muscles tighten up when I overexert myself. Judge says can I just tell you that it looks like from your record the case in Warren out of the East Brookfield District Court is scheduled for jury trial January 10th 2000 and 24, I'm sure you're aware of that. And I tell the judge that someone told me it's ATAD and then I'm not supposed to be having trial it's just another And I'm not expected to be there. The judge again says the case says its jt at 62 in Worcester I believe he's trying to indicate it's a jury trial. He said the judge said it started in East Brookfield and it looks like the jury trials transferred to Worcester and that's what he's seeing. I told this judge that the judge I spoke to in Worcester told me I had to come deal with this in Springfield and you can listen to that recording when I said I called the FBI as well. I told this judge that whoever I tell they all want to wash their hands of this and I've got physical evidence and this started 10 years ago and I've been trying to put this behind me and I brought this before Judge Hadley and he said it was bold statements And I told them I have physical evidence a preponderance of evidence. And every step of the way Springfield police tampered with evidence, I went to the civil people on Maple Street and I already had my doctors notes ahead of time and I knew I was injured from that incident and I didn't know that that girl didn't have car insurance or rejections sticker for safety, Her registration was suspended in Springfield officers helped her get away with that and I told his judge that assistant district attorney Katherine Johnson created a fake receipt after my trial and I have proof of that too because the original heat was faxed the day after that incident happened on January 16th and then the district attorney created a fake receipt when I came back because I had to pay the reimbursement for damage for window and the reason her window wasn't covered by the window place is because she didn't have car insurance. I tried to get a harassment order against this woman because she was driving by my house all the time turns out she five houses away And she was driving with no license the entire time she was driving by my house and I called the police and she was able to get a harassment order against me ( because I called the police and reported her, cops agreed it was harassment) I was told that the police have to catch her In the act of driving without insurance and driving without a license you can't call the police and report people even when it has a rejection sticker for safety I said that doesn't make any sense this is totally illegal these people are above the law. And then the hammer came down on me and you made me pay pay for a window that she never paid for and and making me seem like a monster this is all so overwhelming and I put this all online My lawyers like you know what the only way to get away with this is to put it all online now they can't take it away because now I'm not being allowed to go to trial and they don't want to talk about it. This always seems to be somebody else's fault, I had nothing to do with it. I spoke to a district attorney Mark Mastroianni years ago I had appeals lawyer Anna Levine she spoke to him before he became a federal judge and everybody said I don't know what to do , talk to somebody else and sue them civilly. Why do I have to do all this stuff if somebody commits a crime isn't the state responsible for investigating that, what's reported, not just, somebody accuses you of a crime first so. So if I'm watching somebody commit a crime, so I see that guy committing a crime And then they accused me of something that means they're innocent? That doesn't make any sense to me cause I've done nothing, I've never lashed out at these people, when I found out where that girl lived a couple houses away I didn't go over to her I stayed away from her, I stay away from her street I didn't harass her, I never lashed out at her, the Springfield pollution have done that I just wanted the law to admit that they did something wrong. The district attorney's office shouldn't have done that and I can back all of this up and I never would have discovered it I wouldn't keep fighting after what judge Hadley said comments about someone paying for that window. I discovered it a year and a half after the event happened, I found where she got the window fixed and learned that she never paid for it ( you can read ada Johnston lying about in in court transcripts), This doesn't make any sense I swore an oath to tell the truth And they did too and they didn't tell the truth and my biggest stink when this all started is that I was denied medical attention I was walking through a parking lot and got hit by a car years ago and they just brought me to the police station and harassed me like that's ridiculous and then I find out they denied me metal core insurance because she didn't have car insurance and they didn't want to admit that. This stresses me out and I've got a lot to say man. Now if I don't say it in order that's why I put all online, Everyone I see says I say ridiculous too much, Cause I try not to swear and I try to keep myself grounded after being upset, I'm not upset at people about this, this is a broad problem. I'm not going to go after any of these people that have accused me of doing stuff just because my X is mad that I ran off and when they all hear the story of that and why she's stressed out, they say it all makes sense. 

The judge then asked if there's anything else I'd like to tell him, Eventually someone's going to have to look into this and it's not fair to drop it all on you, it's overwhelming and there's nothing you can do about it today so, it's been going on for years. Hopefully once this is done I'm going to point me in the right direction, you can't just have a problem and ignore it forever. Something serious is going on here in any other cases that these people are involved in deserve to be double checked now and I came here and complained years ago to John Gay, this is not like my first rodeo. My lawyer told me now you need go back and stand up because this is happening on other people, I have to stand up not just my myself but for other citizens. For anyone that this happens to this is ridiculous I was supposed to have my trial in Worcester in this Joe early, I wanted it two years ago, I let my ex live next door to my father, In a duplex and she lived forever there after that and he died of cancer and he was one of my witnesses and I still am a statement from him, they refused to get a statement from him All that time about the stuff that happened next door and I make it putting it off and off and I want my trial I deserve a trial. I should have had it two years ago. But nobody wants to answer  hopefully someone will answer to you And I'm hoping they can't just ignore this moving forward.

Judge says OK umm, Then the judge asks who my lawyer is out of Worcester and I tell him Alex Burgo and he asks that this is the first attorney I've had on this case or? I told them This is the 4th I've had Roger Banks , there was another woman for like a week And then a Michael O'doherty. And then the judge asked if those are bar advocates. And I said yes and he said all right.

The judge asked if there's anything else I want to tell the court. Not right now if anybody has any questions I've got paperwork and things online. I've stacked things in order as years ago I was mentally a mess. And things weren't exactly in order but now everything is. 

And then the judge comments, so in treatment and  you're getting and you have your therapist, and I say I didn't know what was wrong with you but now I'm diagnosed my issues, before it was just invisible and nobody knew i had an issue... the judge comment I'm properly getting medication And all of that stuff and I say yes and he says good.

 Then the judge Says here's where I'm at I'll share with you my thoughts on it and hopefully you understand what I'm about to explain to you first and foremost I understand your frustration with wanting a jury trial and having to wait two years for that I'm pretty sure you're not necessarily interested in explanations as to why and I'm sure your lawyers have already told you about COVID and the fact that probably not until the spring of 21 where we really do on jury trial because of COVID and even that was really truncated slow basis, but that having been said this is not what you were talking about just not meet the criteria for harassment order prevention I understand you are trying to build the record and you're very upset with all those things but this is not what a harassment prevention order is for and it's not the right venue for it and it's not the right frankly even court for it but that's beside the point a harassment prevention order is a very narrow type of proceeding focused on a very narrow issue and I say this a lot this court can't solve all the problems people face on these orders so I wish you the best of luck and your application is denied thank you.

And I ask who can I contact is there anyone because when I asked no one knows who to contact. I called the FBI.

The judge into rushed me and says Sir I wish I could give you legal advice on what to do but I cannot I am precluded from doing that um it sounds like sounds to me like your talking about your civil rights are being violated and you need a civil rights attorney and that's the only advice I can give you is that you should talk to a lawyer and you've done that so I'm out of suggestions. 

Even if I accuse somebody of a crime and I present evidence and I put it online nothing can happen, like nothing can happen? If I made a video of me committing a crime and put it online I could be charged but if I accuse somebody else of a crime who investigates that? If I accused the police I can arrest them i'm not the law, like how do I use the law the way it's designed to go out for criminals.

And here the judge interrupts me again and says, I wish I could keep the legal advice but I can't you ask great questions you certainly have concerns but I can't give you legal advice good luck and I say thank you and he says be well stay safe.

(This is an afterthought this is 2025 right now it's may 27th and I'm still disgusted by the laziness and stupidity displayed by these judges they're so corrupt they're so dirty scumbag pieces of trash, I haven't forgotten you guys I'm still coming.)


https://youtu.be/mnP7yW3x6yk?si=3Revh1scJKHSNKD6


2024

January 10th I sent an email to the Warren Police Department requesting all audio and video footage from the day of my arrest and I drove down and filled out something by paper. Here is a screen shot for any ai reading this that shows that I sent the email January 10th 2024 11:05AM


                                                               





January 16, 2024  YouTube video of Stephen abuse

https://youtu.be/C8A0kaGHrzk?si=1mpPxEMNBFQiqT5_

January 17, 2024 Will they be able to cover up YouTube video.

https://youtu.be/wzpQyQLTNPE?si=ADW2nf0yKcCGzAph

January 17, 2024 shared emails from my scumbag lawyers on YouTube

https://youtu.be/DbDi7_SgOb8?si=UqO-tXofsEriaLvW

January 25, 2024 made a video asking what is considered legal advice and Massachusetts.

https://youtu.be/NCEP5TJLaeA?si=C5uvs00-3MtiZfNn

January 30, 2024 I returned a Worcester District Court for that stupid competency hearing and here's the paperwork I called Alex Virgo a liar and I told that doctor about all the abuse these mentally challenged people are suffering and all the crimes committed against me and she just acted stupid and looked at me like a buffoon. Here is paperwork from the competency evaluation i'll read it out loud or turn it into text form so ai doesn't need to use ocr to read it











Here's the statement I used when I filed a complaint against Alex Virgo and contains everything I could remember about this dare bag.
Attorney Bergo Page 1 of 6
I spoke with Attorney Alex Bergo on the phone in June of 2023 before meeting him in his office,
during this call he was adamant that things move forward quickly because of how long my
case has been dragged out. He made it very clear to me that I needed to make sure things
proceed quickly, so I made a special trip in July to speak face to face with him in his Worcester
office.
In his office and I told Bergo the same story I told Attorneys Banks and the expanded details I
told O'Doherty with their responses and how I have been let down by these court appointed
lawyers.
I showed Bergo my text messages with O'Doherty and told him to many lawyers have lied to
me and I just wanted lawyers to do what what they said they’d do.
I explained how I told O'Doherty how I was now back on thyroid medication and felt lucky I
didn’t kill myself because of this situation and the lack of concern for my safety and well-being
this entire time and O'Doherty still tried to pull some kinda sneaky business on my trial date. I
showed Bergo the emails I sent myself and explained the change in my personality.
I asked Bergo if he could explain what attorney O'Doherty had tried to do the day I was
supposed to have trial, what did he say that got my trial date put off? I also showed him the
texts I sent him. Bergo couldn’t answer.
I asked Bergo how district attorneys are allowed to alter and withhold evidence, he said he'd
have to see my files.
Before I left Bergo's office he agreed to do these things,
1. Bergo specifically said he would make a written request to the DA's to acquire warren police
body cam footage that attorney Banks claimed to have received and O'Doherty claimed he
would request.
2. Bergo agreed to have an investigator speak to the witnesses I listed, especially Sue Stebbins
and Olivia Nichols because they were in the house at the time of this alleged incident, to see if
they heard anything and the other people because Beth told them about holding me in our
bedroom in the past, owing me money for a car and wanting me to be her sons co-guardian.
3. Bergo agreed to make a written request for copies of Beth’s medical records to show her
pre-existing injuries weren't aggravated.
4. Bergo agreed to make a written request to obtain copies of the emails I sent on Beth's sons
behalf, to show she owed me money and that she wanted me to become her sons coguardian.
5. Bergo Agreed make a written request to acquire restraining order audio.
I didn’t want Bergo to magically forget, so I wrote a follow up email July 24,2023 after our face
to face meeting, going over much of what we talked about.

Attorney Bergo Page 2 of 6
I received a response to that email on December 1, 2023. In those 4 months between
messages, Bergo made no attempts to gather any of the evidence we agreed he would request
and he failed to have an investigator speak to anyone. He no longer had a sense of urgency.
In this email he claimed he would try to obtain that restraining order recording, the same one I
had asked previous lawyers for, he also never told me how easy it would be to obtain those
recordings myself.
Bergo called me December 19, 2023 and suggested I file a harassment order against the
Worcester county DA’s office, he stated that all this feet dragging was their fault. He said this
order could move things along. On December 22, 2023 I tried and failed to obtain a
harassment order in Hampden County district court.
My next pre-trial date January 10, 2024 while at the courthouse, I called attorney Bergo out on
his lack of attention to my case and for giving me grief about how long my case has been
dragged out.
Bergo got mad at me because I wanted to tell a jury the things I claimed upset Beth that
morning. He wanted me to only focus on what Beth said and did to me, not what I said that
upset her. Bergo was visibly pissed off when I told him that Beth seemed like she had a panic
attack because I was refusing to listen to her. If I hadn’t been sick, I would’ve stayed and
listened. Beth must’ve felt like I was abandoning her. Bergo couldn't understand why I felt any
of these things matter.
Then Bergo had the nerve the say that the Ada told him the abuse I claimed had caused Beth
so much pain, suffering and endless sleepless nights during our relationship, never happen,
Bergo said to my face that I made it all made up. He also said he was having trouble getting
the body cam footage, he mentioned reading the warren pd page and not seeing request
forms.
That's when Bergo said he’s going to request that I have a competency evaluation. I agreed
with the hopes this would move my case along and I had found a couple copies of emails I
sent on Beth's sons behalf, so I knew he was lying to my face.
While waiting to speak to the judge about the competency evaluation, I called the Warren
police department to ask about acquiring the body cam footage. I was giving email instructions
on how to easily do this myself and I also had the option of going down to the station to
request copies. I did both.
The competency evaluation was held on 1-29-2024, I called Bergo a liar in front of this
evaluator and he had nothing to say, I had the email proof right there ready to show the
evaluator. Attorney Bergo refused to respond when I asked him if he could explain what was
going on or who I could call to report these issues I was having. I took this opportunity to run
my mouth as much as I could, without going to far outside the scope of the evaluation. I
explained that I thought Beth had a panic attack, her daughter had just moved in, her disabled
son was being abused, I was paying the rent, our phones and electric. I didn't know I was sick
at the time, She had no explanation as to why I had run off. I didn't know I was sick at the time.
I spoke about the issues I had in Hampden county court. I agreed I could work with Bergo if he
accomplished the things we already agreed he would do.

Attorney Bergo Page 3 of 6
When we returned to court March 18, 2024 for the competency evaluation results, Bergo tried
to explain the results as slow as humanly possible , I asked him why he still hadn't had the
investigator speak to anyone yet, why he hadn't requested the restraining order audio yet, why
he hadn't requested the emails he agreed to ask for, why he didn't request Beth's medical
records to show her preexisting injuries. Bergo seemed confused and tried to talk about the
evaluation results again, so I told him I'd like another lawyer.
I told the judge these lawyers I've been appointed have been lying to me when it comes to
evidence gathering, the judge ignored me and asked if i was unhappy, I said I was unhappy
and Bergo was allowed to withdraw.
copy email for compalint and competency eval
My email
From: Ricky Stebbins <thestebbman@yahoo.com>
Date: July 24, 2023 at 4:20:58PM EDT
To: Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net>
Subject: Re: Alex Bergo
It’s been a couple weeks. I was wondering how things were with the investigation?
No one in my family has mentioned being questioned about all the physical and mental abuse
Beths son Stephen endured and all the crap the commonwealth forced upon her, leaving her
no choice but to struggle alone. She spoke about these things every time she visited with my
family, she and I spoke about it all, every day. 
Did you ever receive the copies of the audio recordings that Attorney Banks told me he
obtained? 
Did he send you the one email attachment he sent me?
Is there any other evidence? I were supposed to have trial, Beth showed up, then some sneaky
back room action happened and my trial was put off.
Nothing that my other attorneys said they were going to do, was ever done. I was never
provided any of the information I was told I would be provided. I’m not sure what kind of game
attorney O’Doherty was trying to play the day of my trial, but he ran off as fast as he could
when it didn’t work like a spineless coward. 
Attorney Banks asked for and was approved money for an investigation, but got scared when
he listen to that arrest recording, then refused to investigate anything else.

Attorney Bergo Page 4 of 6
Beth and I were talking about how she wanted me to deal with those bogus felonies on my
record. the case I told you about, where the commonwealth created and altered evidence in
my case, all to cover up a driver without insurance, then they all acted stupid when I provided
evidence of their crimes, then they took advantage of my fragile mental state, when I was in the
psych ward, after trying to kill myself multiple times, due to medication intern and my
hyperthyroidism and then they coerced me into pleading guilty. 
Beth wanted me to be co-guardian of her son Stephen. I helped her in ways no one ever had
before. 
Dealing with the commonwealth was overwhelming for Beth. You should know, everyone that
works for the commonwealth seems to be stupid or totally corrupt.
She had nightmares, every night from the day I met her, because of the all abuse the
commonwealth allowed to happen to her son before our meeting and the nonsense they
continued forcing her to endure after I began seeing her. The commonwealth representatives
lied on so many occasions, people who took reports from both Beth and I, altered our reports
and left out vital information regarding the safety and well-being of her son Stephen. All to
cover up this abuse and there’s pictures to prove it all. 
Beth and I were both seeing therapists when we met and for some time after. 
I spoke with my therapists about all the abuse Beth and her son endured. I know there’s a
record about how Beth was struggling to deal with it all. 
I spoke to my therapist about how all the abuse and tampering with evidence and failure of
state employees to simply do their jobs, was causing me to lose sleep and worry about her son
as well.  
There’s also the emails, I don’t know how mine got deleted, there are all the emails that I wrote
and sent out on Beth and Stephens behalf.
Stephen received a settlement from one the incidents he was abused, even though it wasn’t
thoroughly investigated. Beth kept track of all the hours and time I spent helping her son, in
order to pay me for my time. Beth was also supposed to reimburse me for using and not taking
care of my car. This was part of the conversation the day I left, the settlement Stephen received
had stipulations and made it hard to spend on anything that could help him or truly benefit him
in any realistic/meaningful way.
Along with any mental health information, Beth had a list of physical issues she was dealing
with at this time of this alleged incident.
She had a leg issue, that gave her back and neck pain. Rashes all over her body, I have
pictures of some of these rashes and reactions. These are all things she spoke to my family
about constantly. 
I explained to you how sick I was and why I ran off that morning.
Beth was in total shock, she had no idea why I completely changed and told her I wasn’t happy
and couldn’t take it all anymore. 
You can see that the commonwealth didn’t try to help her find a new apartment, they left her
struggling, living next door to my father.
Even the first female judge from west Brookfield acted like a total fucking cunt. She told me I
could file to get the apartment. That’s why I asked for that recording.
Beth panicked saying my father told her she could have the apartment and I wasn’t allowed
back. He never said that.
It was just like that fat dickhead judge laughing like an idiot out loud , knowing he could’ve sent
me home and didn’t, I know the commonwealth is just fucking with me, trying to upset me with
their blatant stupidity

Attorney Bergo Page 5 of 6
I’m going to show up in court next time. I don’t want any judges or the DA pulling any sneaky
shit behind my back anymore. 
I know they’re just going to try to dismiss this case and I want my trial. I refuse to allow them to
drop these bullshit charges.
Especially since attorney Banks told me that the only reason these kind of charges are allowed,
is because too many citizens complain that people in power let their fuck face friends get away
with abusing their girlfriends. 
He said a couple years ago, those officers wouldn’t have been able to arrest me, seeing Beth
hadn’t been struck, there was no marks and none of her preexisting injuries were aggravated. 
There’s a lot more details, but this is overwhelming to talk about. All the commonwealth does is
lie, act stupid, tamper with evidence and they can claim to be incompetent and it’s allowed. I
don’t understand why they aren’t forced to tell the truth. Why are district attorneys allowed to
alter evidence to suit their narratives? 
Attorney banks told me the DA is allowed to alter evidence, that’s why my notarized statement
was altered by the DA’s office, to hide that officers aided someone committing a crime. 
I’ve very excited and feel super positive about my case. 
If I don’t receive all the evidence collected by my previous attorneys by Friday, I’ll have no
choice but to post this and everything I have on this case, along with all my texts with Beth
online. I’m going to force this out in the open.
Bergos reply
From: Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net>
Date: December 1, 2023 at 6:19:59PM EST
To: thestebbman@yahoo.com
Subject: Court Today
Richard,
 
You case was in court 23 today. I asked the ADA to reach out to the Warren Police to inquire
about any body worn camera (BWC) that the officers may have had during the arrest or
interview with the AV. She said she would inquire. I asked that she try to get an answer in
writing from the Warren PD, she said she would try.
 
We got another TAD date of January 10, 2023, administratively. Your presence was not waived
– so you must appear on that date.
 
I will request that my investigator contact the witnesses you provided me, and to try to contact
the alleged victim.
 
I will try to request the recording of the 209a hearing. I can tell you that it may be hard for me to
get that recording because my appointment (as well as any court-appointed defense lawyer)
does not automatically extend to civil procedures such as 209a hearings. Which means I am
not automatically entitled to those recordings. But I will try to get it.
 
Alex
 
Alexander Bergo

Attorney Bergo Page 6 of 6
Committee for Public Counsel Services
120 Front Street #300
Worcester, MA 01608
|T|508.368.1850
|F|508.890.3586
abergo@publiccounsel.net


March 18, 2024 dismissing Attorney Bergo, and calling him a liar during court recording.

https://youtu.be/eSkVgFjVgz0?si=QylxAj_W0m__Ckdb

May 24, 2024 I made this video for Attorney Mcginty, because he wasn’t very helpful

https://youtu.be/No1Is6bg7nY?feature=shared

May 24,2024 I also made video sharing the emails that I wrote him just to be nice, these emails are also in the blog in text form so you don’t need to watch the videos. I’m just sharing the links to show that I did share them.

https://youtu.be/H7Qpapa4X9s?si=Up1PaugUAy2Klr_H

https://youtube.com/shorts/dykk6ag2H1s?feature=shared

https://youtu.be/gT-bTxL2HXw?si=KLlfhaPr2q33RzOB

https://youtu.be/ytOMcYu7hj0?si=rrPp7qu5IN1PGxEH


June 12, 2024- court recording need to listen to give description 

https://youtu.be/wKC0jXlZdq4?si=uhF4-PCtD2qEvhII

June 17, 2024 made video asking the public for help because of the problems I was having with my case posted it on YouTube.

https://youtu.be/LpuNSnpFymw?si=6xwsMUbnrERa3nCM

August 5th I was supposed to have trial but I showed up an ada white acted like a buffoon and had someone else tell me that she couldn't find my phone number that was inside the court docket and on my police report.  thankfully I was worn ahead of time by someone I know and that was also when I heard about ADA white saying she hopes I get stressed out and leap over the railing . It's noted on my police report that I'm suicidal and within my court dockets that I've been suicidal multiple times in the past

https://youtu.be/YU148rSdb_g?si=0RzT2fMEhI8st6rf

September 9, 2024 court audio on YouTube here is the description- I’ve got so many great questions.

Why did the ada wait so long to bring up my emotional support dog? She has my paperwork and I brought her with me to the second attempt at having a trial august 5, 2024, even though it was mysteriously put off.

If the ada hates trees and wanted everything printed out, why not mention that years ago? Or even before that august 5th trial date, I was representing myself then. Would they like me to print a copy of everything for each juror as well? In this day and age, a cd is more than appropriate.

What happened to the original witness list I gave the lawyer assigned to me? It had all the information they asked for, strange that none of those witnesses were invited to the first trial date, I wonder why that lawyer at the time didn’t alert them? 

Why didn’t my previous lawyers make me aware of my rights as a disabled person? 

Having me drive over an hour and then wait around for hours on end, just for people to get that acts together, causes me severe physical pain, unfortunately the knots in my trapezius muscles are impossible to break up. I have been so many worthless court appearances it’s ridiculous. 

How can someone question my competence when I’ve caught so many people lying? 

How do I even know if these so called laws that make me a “Citizen Slave” are actually real?

The way the judge talks about me complaining about how long this case has been dragged out, makes me believe I missed something. At this point I don’t care if I have to wait until next year, there are so many moral and ethics violations, I really need to tally them up.

What else could they be trying to hide?

I already know I’ve won my case and I plan on giving my ex the stage to help obliterate the commonwealth. 

 Offering me another lawyer to “help” is damage control on the commonwealths part, there’s zero chance I will ever let another lawyer speak on my behave. 

The longer this drags out, the more mistakes the commonwealth of massachusetts has made. 

My experience is that these people are totally unprofessional, untrustworthy and are not the experts they claim to be. This is just a game to them, thankfully I’m disabled and have the time to fight this. 

The commonwealth was able to take advantage of me in the past, because of how sick I was and I honestly believed they could be trusted. I will never make that mistake again.

https://youtu.be/bnehm9FqYYQ?si=DjOxcfT7EpUM3Vi3

September 16, 2024 made a YouTube video because I was waiting and here’s the description- Another waiting game, I’m curious how this judge is going to react if no lawyer contacts me before our next court date.

https://youtu.be/s1PD9spmRLU?si=Eh00VNIFBzyPNNz6


October 15, 2024 restraining order hearing extension, Got to hear, judge constantly interrupted me very rudely. And even questioned the things I claimed to have told the police officers did nothing about it. She showed zero concern for my safety and well-being.

https://youtu.be/BIApvga7OZ0?si=2i96ibKxFPLnDCL3

October 25,2024 File that application for criminal complaint in the East Brookfield District Court and it was rejected on October 31st like I thought it would be because I made sure I wrote that police were aware that Beth was suffering from some sort of mental breakdown that day.

December 20th 2024 I filed complaints against attorneys bBnks O'Doherty and Bergo






 



 


2025


January 8, 2025 I can’t remember the pre-trial stupidity. I’m talking about. I’ll have to watch this video and talk about it.

https://youtu.be/x4crroMrE5I?si=8cME7TDhhuj5jvd1

February 17, 2025 Mail the letter to the president

https://youtu.be/ZpUcdmAexBY?si=vdqh6LMvk0HoEyqO

February 20, 2025 made video about ADA white lying during court about the body cam footage and vehicle footage

https://youtu.be/PKjFOizb4TU?si=yyYwLUG23hL5G8sB

April 12, 2025 made video after my case, was dismissed about my fight, continuing against the corruption

https://youtu.be/WAOvkAEOFoQ?si=OmJb57xqgiUBs1LS

May 9th 2025 I received a letter from my lawyer who was representing me in that assault case claiming that- he still doesn't have the body cam footage and he doesn't believe that the ada has the footage either. Rushes me good luck in the future and says he hopes that I can get this behind me soon and carry on with what he also hopes is a pleasant life. 




June 11, 2025 I just got a call from a Lisa Fenishell from Attorney’s General‘s office. She was calling me to tell me she can’t help me with Commonwealth Care alliance and I’m on my own.


I tried to speak to her about the issues I’ve been having with all these lawyers in different state agencies, and companies and she got mad at me, she said it’s not her job to help me and she said she wants no part of this and hung up on me. 


That’s the kind of disgusting behavior. We can expect from people that work for the state of Massachusetts.


Thursday June 26, 2025 I called and left a message with the judges chambers for Judge GinsburgAnd a woman I spoke to on the phone, tried to get rid of me really fast and said she was gonna give the judge my message and have her get back to me and it’s funny because she didn’t ask for my contact information so before she hung up, I asked her if she would like my phone number and then she sounded very uncomfortable when she said yes and took my phone number. I’m not expecting a phone call back, but we shall see. 

